Just try it out for
a little bit cuz you will be on
the receiving end of design at one point,
whether it's your own or somebody else's,
is we've got a template of a code pen.
And you can cheat and look at the answer.
But take a second and see, okay, let's
get comfortable just playing around and
inspecting some of the different
pieces like, what font is this?
And what font weight and
stuff along those lines.
It might be otherwise kind of
tedious to play around with.
The Inspect tool is super useful for
you as an engineer,
as you go to implement the design.
So take a few minutes,
fire up the code pen, try to implement it.
We'll just look at the completed example
at the very end to see what we ended up
with so you can compare notes or
you can just look at it, as well.
But take a little bit, play around with
the Inspect tool, get a sense of it,
get a feel for it.